add troubleshot instructions when plugins.ts is missing (#6892)
backstage/backstage: plugins/shortcuts/README.md

## Usage

### Install the package:

```bash
yarn add @backstage/plugin-shortcuts
```

### Register plugin:

This plugin requires explicit registration, so you will need to add it to your App's `plugins.ts` file:

```ts
// ...
export { shortcutsPlugin } from '@backstage/plugin-shortcuts';
```

> If you don't have a `plugins.ts` see: [troubleshoot](#troubleshoot)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a `plugins.ts` see: [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
```

  }),
];
```

> # Troubleshoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Troubleshooting
```

> If you don't have a `plugins.ts` you can create a new one on `packages/app/src/plugins.ts` and then add this lines to your `App.tsx` if there is other plugins that requires explicit registration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a `plugins.ts` file, you can create it with the path `packages/app/src/plugins.ts` and then import it into your `App.tsx`:
```
